The ignorant Chinese will perish either in the east or in the east.
Nothing to say. Saidong died two hundred years ago!
But it’s divided!
What's up?
All the wisdom we gave you has been given back to you!
Qian Dao, I’ll take care of you!
If we want to provide this kind of security, we have one piece of 800 pieces.
This is the future of its strength,
So I want to deal with it this way, just deal with it this way,
Which one do you want to throw down?
Which one is called falling?
What strength?
I remember everything in particular
It's King Sedon
The way to the laundry room
The Hou family has always been secretive
What I said is what I said
I told you to do it and get raped
I, King Sedon, want us to come and have a sincere meeting
What do you want to do?
As long as you can serve our Winter King
We, the Winter King, will never be embarrassed and try to serve. It’s impossible.
You force us to make cultural relics of our country
Just broke it
Cultivation makes me a great sect in China
The king of winter, the king of the family, was not called the mountain
Cultural relics were raped
That's because you Chinese people are incompetent
What does it have to do with our Winter King?
Common people like you
Only taught by us, King Frozen
Fall in love for us
Night for you
You are a bunch of outsiders
Call me Hua Guochong and Wang Chong.
The Chinese kingdom of King Frozen has been conveyed
If you do it again
Just go against King Freeze
Of course Ruanjiang will end up
If you want to save him, you can. I will take care of him.
I have fought with you Chinese men
than yes than yes
I thought it was you Chinese men who wanted to see
Or do we foreign men think?
if you win
Just let him go so late
Now only Beijiang God King can save Lai Xiaodian
Then return to our subtitles and don’t read them.